.TH MAKE-DEBPACKAGEDIRS 1 "August 2024" "1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
make-DebPackageDirs \- Create directory structure for Debian packages

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B make-DebPackageDirs
[\fB--packname\fP | \fB-p\fP] \fIPackageName\fP
[\fB--vers\fP | \fB-v\fP] \fIVersion\fP
[\fB--alias\fP | \fB-a\fP] \fIAliasValue\fP
[\fB--depends\fP | \fB-d\fP] \fIDependsValue\fP
[\fB--maintainer\fP | \fB-m\fP] \fIMaintainer\fP
[\fB--description\fP | \fB-D\fP] \fIDescription\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B make-DebPackageDirs
is a script to create the necessary directory structure for Debian packages. It also creates a control file and optionally sets up an alias for the package.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--packname\fP, \fB-p\fP
The name of the package.
.TP
\fB--vers\fP, \fB-v\fP
The version of the package. Default is "1.0".
.TP
\fB--alias\fP, \fB-a\fP
Create a symbolic link for the package with the given alias.
.TP
\fB--depends\fP, \fB-d\fP
Dependencies for the package.
.TP
\fB--maintainer\fP, \fB-m\fP
The maintainer of the package.
.TP
\fB--description\fP, \fB-D\fP
A description of the package.

.SH EXAMPLES
.B make-DebPackageDirs
\fB--packname\fP mypackage \fB--vers\fP 1.0 \fB--alias\fP myalias \fB--depends\fP "libc6, libssl1.1" \fB--maintainer\fP "John Doe <john.doe@example.com>" \fB--description\fP "My sample package"

.SH AUTHOR
Written by [Your Name].

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
